[📝 Documentation] Update infos about map settings and tourism/outdoor intersection margin (#4654)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-admin: docs/advanced-configuration/modules-and-components.rst

Tourism
-------

> The ``TOURISM_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` and ``OUTDOOR_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` settings define a radius (in meters) used to dynamically associate nearby content (POIs, services, events, tourism content, etc.) with other entities such as treks or outdoor sites. These parameters help control which elements are considered "nearby" and displayed in the public interface or included in print/PDF exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TOURISM_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` and ``OUTDOOR_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` settings define a buffer distance (in meters) used to dynamically associate nearby content (POIs, services, events, tourism content, etc.) with other entities such as treks or outdoor sites. These parameters help control which elements are considered "nearby" and displayed in the API and Geotrek-rando or included in print/PDF exports.
```

.. _trek-tourism-intersection:

Tourism intersection margin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``TOURISM_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` setting defines the maximum distance (in meters) within which tourism content and events are considered related to other objects (treks, POIs, services, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TOURISM_INTERSECTION_MARGIN`` setting defines the maximum distance (in meters) within which touristic contents and events are considered related to other objects (treks, POIs, services, etc.).
```

> This setting is especially useful to reduce the number of tourism contents displayed around a trek, in order to improve readability and performance in the map interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is especially useful to reduce the number of tourism contents displayed around a trek, in order to improve readability and performance in the map interface (in the API, Geotrek-rando, Geotrek-widget...).
```
